ci: update doc about ut (#223)
pingcap/tidb-dev-guide: src/get-started/write-and-run-unit-tests.md

### Running all tests

> We have two ways to run all tests. The first one is to use `go test` directly:

Reviewer: `make ut` is not "use `go test` directly"

```
make ut
```

> The second one is to use bazel to run tests. The bazel will cache the test results and it is faster than the first one. But it need more storage space to save the cache. it is recommended to use the first one in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second one is to use bazel to run tests. Bazel will cache the test results and it is faster than the first one. But it needs more storage space to save the cache.
```

Also, I don't understand what " it is recommended to use the first one in the CI." means: you're talking about the second approach but now said the first approach is recommended in CI? Or what do you want to mean?
